add channel_axis description for opening multichannel images from viewer.add_image() (#147)
napari/napari.github.io: tutorials/fundamentals/image.md

+++

## loading multichannel images

> Each channel in a multichannel image can be displayed as an individual layer 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each channel in a multichannel image can be loaded into the viewer as an individual layer 
```
